was gonna guys macrame HD here I'll
welcome back to another GTA online tips
and tricks video in this video I'm gonna
be showing you hiking your hands on a
Boeing 747 or a jumbo jet as you can see
in the video now before we start today's
tutorial if you do like the video about
to see them make sure to leave a like
down below at the end of the video if
you haven't already please do subscribe
I'm hoping I can get 10,000 subscribers
per for my channel second birthday it's
been really helpful if I could earn your
subscription thanks very much
alright then so if you've seen my video
on how to get the cargo plane online
which is a very similar video to this
it's the exact same process you're gonna
need to sign up to the Rockstar social
club if you haven't already and go
follow the link in the description which
will take you to a rockstar social club
page which you can add a mission to your
GTA game if you haven't seen the cargo
plane mission I'll leave a link in the
description as well that may be of some
interest to you as the cargo plane is
actually a huge massive plane even
bigger than the jumbo jet you see in
this video alright so once you've added
the mission to your GTA game go ahead
and load up GTA online if you're already
in GTA online that you are going to need
to restart your game that's the way
things work these days so we start your
game once you're in GTA online this is
what you need to do alright there's two
ways you can do this you can either
drive down to the beach which is on the
side of the airport as you see in the
video or you can go onto the map go over
to the beach on the map and then press X
on the Deaf mesh that you see and it
will start the death mash up just sort
of ever heads up to you PlayStation 3
players wanting to do this it is a
little bit more tricky as the developer
who makes these missions these death
matches is only on 360 so if you're
gonna do this then head over to the
description down below and read the
instructions on how to do it on
PlayStation 3 so once you are at the
beach either by driving down there or
going on and up and pressing X or squirm
ps3 familiar to get it working what you
need to do basically is add set the game
timer to about 45 minutes or 60 minutes
just to give you a bit of time this
can't be done in free mode this has to
be done in the multiplier death nice
thing you can't actually get the 747 out
of the deathmatch a little bit upsetting
but you can't actually invite ten
players to the deathmatch
so you can get a good 10 players I'm
gonna go in this 747 to start the game
invite your friends you do have to have
more than one player so if you are
trying to do this on your own that's not
gonna work
in fact few friends or a friend get in
and you will see the 747 fight in front
of you there's a gate in the way there
is some grenades on the ground which you
can use to blow up the gate but that is
pretty much that you can run to the
undercarriage of the 747 and hop in if
all you do blow it up then I think you
do have to restart the game I've not
seen it respawn at all it's like that
with any of these tutorials so that's
been pretty much it on how to get the
747 online if you do like the video like
I said before make sure to leave a like
down below and subscribe to the channel
it's really helpful there is also a ton
of other missions you can do with Molly
vehicles such as the big cargo plane the
atomic boom there is also a UFO one
where she's coming up on my channel in
the next few minutes so look out for
that as well I've been making my hasty
hopefully don't this video if you did
like I said before just leave a like
down below I've said that to rate times
but I've been trying my HD and I'll see
you in the next GTA tips and tricks
video thanks very much